Fast Pair: align after sysbuild migration (#16022)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: scripts/nrf_provision/fast_pair/README.rst

This Python script generates a hexadecimal file required for the :ref:`Google Fast Pair integration in the nRF Connect SDK <ug_bt_fast_pair>`.

.. note::

>    When you :ref:`use Google Fast Pair with the nRF Connect SDK <ug_bt_fast_pair>` and enable the ``SB_CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR`` Kconfig option, the script is automatically called by the build system.

Reviewer: Maybe we should also mention that if you do not use sysbuild and enable CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR, the script is also automatically called by the build system.

>    When you :ref:`use Google Fast Pair with the nRF Connect SDK <ug_bt_fast_pair>` and enable the ``SB_CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR`` Kconfig option, the script is automatically called by the build system.

Reviewer 2: I would not mention only the Sysbuild option here (you can build with Fast Pair also without Sysbuild). Describing how it works under the hood in the user guide and linking there from other places may be a good idea (you can also follow this approach for samples by just mentioning that Fast Pair samples' configuration allows to generate provisioning data when building with and without Sysbuild)

Author: ok

This Python script generates a hexadecimal file required for the :ref:`Google Fast Pair integration in the nRF Connect SDK <ug_bt_fast_pair>`.

.. note::
   When you :ref:`use Google Fast Pair with the nRF Connect SDK <ug_bt_fast_pair>`, the script is automatically called by the build system.

>    There is no need to generate and program the hexadecimal file manually.

Reviewer: I'd leave the sentence from line 14

>    The script is automatically called by the build system in typical scenarios.

Reviewer 2: `in typical scenarios` -> `when building with Fast Pair in the |NCS|.`?

This Python script generates a hexadecimal file required for the :ref:`Google Fast Pair integration in the nRF Connect SDK <ug_bt_fast_pair>`.

.. note::

>    The script is automatically called by the build system when building an application with Fast Pair support in the |NCS|.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   The build system calls the script automatically when building with Fast Pair in the |NCS|.
```

   There is no need to generate and program the hexadecimal file manually.

>    For more details about enabling Fast Pair for your application see :ref:`ug_bt_fast_pair_prerequisite_ops`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   For more details about enabling Fast Pair for your application, see :ref:`ug_bt_fast_pair_prerequisite_ops`.
```
